Didn’t catch them red-handed?
No
I heard Young Master Wú publicly announced
Jiǎng Sī Sī
Is hanging out with friends
This Jiǎng Sī Sī really got lucky
With such a rotten reputation
She still managed to meet
Someone who truly loves her
So, will our plan
Be affected?
After all, we’re using
The same tactics we used against Fù Jiā Hào
To deal with Jiǎng Sī Sī
Will she be on guard?
Lǐ Mù
Don’t you get it?
Jiǎng Sī Sī and Fù Jiā Hào
Are the same kind of people
Their common trait is greed
Greedy people
Will stop at nothing
Blinded
It’s a rare chance
To trample me underfoot
How could she give that up?
So, what do we do next?
Wait for her to dump Young Master Wú
Then have Pǔ Chéng back out
I’ll handle the rest
Yes